[Music]
It was about this Pink thing, you know,
like your typical kid show where random
stuff happens just to teach a lesson or
moral or sometimes the the characters
just act silly for a few minutes.
I remember one episode where it did the
laundry even though Slety doesn't wear
clothes. Another where it looked for
food and one where it played hideand
seek. I mean, you get the idea. That's
the kind of show it was but badly made.
Even as a kid, I had the feeling it was
off. Not different and cool, just just
cheap. And trust me, my critical
thinking back then was garbage. I
watched anything that was on. Few days
ago, I found some old VHS tapes from
when I was a kid, and among them were a
few episodes. It seemed
impossible, you know, but they're even
worse than I remembered. In some parts,
you can literally see the cardboard and
even someone's hand moving the puppets.
But the most disturbing part is the plot
lines. There's something off about them.
Things happen that if you stop to think
about it are seriously unsettling. Maybe
because it was a kid show, no one ever
paid close attention or stopped to look
for any hidden meaning. The reason I'm
sharing all of this is because
well,
because I'm scared.
If anyone remembers anything or has
information, please just share it with
me cuz I need to know I'm wrong.
Let me explain. Maybe I'm just being
paranoid, but there was this one episode
with a shark character. He he ends up
drowning. Around the same time this
episode aired, I remembered a very
well-known news story about a boy around
my age who drowned. And in the photo for
the article, he was wearing a a shark
t-shirt. Another episode shows a
character hiding in a well during a game
of hide-and-seek. And they they never
found him. That episode aired around the
same time a real boy fell into a well. I
mean,
you see where I'm going with this?
I also found an episode where an orange
flower dies. And in my neighborhood,
there was this little girl loved Slety,
right? Her mom used to call her little
orange flower. And as you can probably
guess,
she disappears.
That exact episode, it's been
re-uploaded online. I'm going to post a
bit of it here.
It's missing a few parts. Quality is
terrible.
It's the best I found.
I don't know how to digitize my VHS
tapes. So, if someone can help, I I do
plan to upload them. But back to what's
really bothering me. There's There's
this episode that feels,
I don't know, personal.
I have a pretty unusual last name,
Velcro.
And in a Sutty episode, there's a family
with that same last name. The father
loses his job. They have no money.
Slighty shows up, helps him by taking
one of the children away so the rest of
the family can survive until things get
better.
Now, guess who almost got kidnapped as a
child?
Shortly after his father lost his job.
Yeah, exactly.
That was over 20 years ago. I shouldn't
still be thinking about it. If there if
there really were some lunatics making
this low-budget show and then targeting
kids, it was it was ages ago. There
shouldn't be any link to me whatsoever.
I I didn't even remember the show until
a few days ago. But
while I was going over the tapes, my
young son saw the last episode and said,
"That character looks like you, Dad."
He was pointing at the father character,
Mr. Velcro in the show.
And today,
today I got fired.
I mean, I know I'm being paranoid, but
now,
now I'm scared.
I'm scared one of these coincidences
might happen again.
[Music]
Hey there kids. It's me, Mr. Creepy
Pasta, and I just wanted to say thank
you for watching tonight's video. If you
like the story you hear, it is actually
tied into a new escape room game from
Key Enigma that is available now on
Kickstarter. You can also get a free
demo if you use the link in the
description down below. Support them on
Kickstarter. you can get your hands on
the full game. As well as if you check
out the uh keyigma.com website, there's
a bunch of other escape games they've
already have completed. So, if you want
to get a taste of what it's like through
the demo or through one of their other
games, they're a load of fun and I
really love the idea that they're taking
uh this into this analog creepy pasta uh
style adventure this time. So, please
check them out, support them on
Kickstarter and Sweet Dreams.